[ZT] Update saas-mcp.mdx (#25506)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/mcp-servers/saas-mcp.mdx

## 4. Test the connection

> You should now be able to connect to your MCP server running at `https://mcp-server-cf-access.<YOUR_SUBDOMAIN>.workers.dev/mcp` using [Workers AI Playground](https://playground.ai.cloudflare.com/), [MCP inspector](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/inspector), or [other MCP clients](/agents/guides/remote-mcp-server/#connect-your-mcp-server-to-claude-and-other-mcp-clients) that support remote MCP servers.

Author: ```suggestion
You should now be able to connect to your MCP server using [Workers AI Playground](https://playground.ai.cloudflare.com/), [MCP inspector](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/inspector), or [other MCP clients](/agents/guides/remote-mcp-server/#connect-your-mcp-server-to-claude-and-other-mcp-clients) that support remote MCP servers. The demo MCP server [supports connections](https://github.com/cloudflare/ai/blob/main/demos/remote-mcp-cf-access/src/index.ts#L63-L69) via either `https://mcp-server-cf-access.<YOUR_SUBDOMAIN>.workers.dev/mcp` or `https://mcp-server-cf-access.<YOUR_SUBDOMAIN>.workers.dev/sse`.
```
